Doublelift may be amazing, but he sure creates a pretty fucking hostile environment. I get his expectations though, when you want to be the best in the world, not just in the league, you set your teammates the same expectations. 
PSA: Yo Radfems are TERFs, trans exclusionary radical feminists, and are a transphobic bigoted cis privileged hate group. As a feminist please do not refer to radfems in a positive light unless you want to be jumped on for being transphobic. 
he forced women into watching him masturbate, and has since atoned for that sin by attacking victims of school shootings and going after transgender people.  it’s more than one aspect and the fact you refuse to acknowledge this says a lot about your character. of course, you coming here from a subreddit that gets its kicks on the regular by trying to drive people to suicide already says a lot about your character.
🙋‍♂️ 3K run. Besides falling out of shape in the past couple of months, my knee has been bothering me after a stupid bike fall. But I'd be damned if I wasn't going to get the badge.
True. Seems like all three vehicles may have been idiots. Bike going too slow. Truck not changing lanes properly. Car speeding and not paying attention? 
I’m more or less planning to abandon the game once the Panth rework gets here. But honestly, all I truly want is for him to remain a diver and a Spartan. None of that space parasite body hoping alien bullshit. 
Look up any other playthrough of dark souls most people roll on the regular Meanwhile Asmon only knows how to press R2 until he wins
I'd like to know too but was always /r/tooafraidtoask 
I hope so as it's my only option. I've made a promise about 6 yr back not to take the previous option through my own action XD.  Thank you though. I have to hope
OG's know where the real community went
I think the albums were just released. I had checked earlier this year when I got into Monogatari and didn't seen anything for their music.
Thanks bro. Sorry he left on shifty terms but hopeful you guys get back up there 
You absolutely should while you are in school and the results aren't as bad as the real world. Because the difference between being fucked up by a mugger or junkie is being able to take that extra hit and stay standing. Because as soon as you go down in a fight, that's it.  Now, you don't have to go out in the real world and fight, that is what martial arts are for, to get the shit kicked out of you in a safer environment. But to start off in a good place, someone needs to have dropped you once or twice when there is less force in the encounter 
Then become a pats fan
People who can’t cook have to eat, too. 
That looks a little fishy...
Happy New Year! It'll be the New Year in 5 hours here.  Fingers crossed it's not too bad for my two furballs.
This submission has been automatically removed under rule 1, as it's a reaction, HIFW (How I Feel When), or me_IRL post. Please message the moderators if you feel this removal was an error.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok thanks mate, I think Im going to stay rock solid and not make a transfer. HERES HOPING!
This is so sad. Alexa, play welcome to the jungle.
Hello and welcome to Reddit, I see this is your first post and want to help you out, so have an upvote on me :)
I can tell it's MEANT to be a joke, but like I said, a really really bad one. We don't upvote horrible jokes. And thanks, I am indeed a massive nerd! :)
Not everyone wants to join a company. Some people just want to play with a small group of friends and PvP against other small groups. This is a very valid gameplay style that every MMO offers. Atlas (Ark Atlas Evolved) does not.
Fatal insomnia. It’s a real disease. Slow, torturous death.
Hello and welcome to Reddit, I see this is your first post and want to help you out, so have an upvote on me :)
I’d be interested in all of them in this order  Bell  Brown  Hunt  ———  Fournette
true but still idk it’s too much blue for me  If u can rock em tho then good on u cuz I’m not creative enough for that 
Nope, other way on the tree
Any DD besides the big green candle at close?  
Thanks for the reply! What are you unhappy about?
Which wasn’t specified by who I responded to, likely because it was more than 50 employees...
Nothing like the oldschool
Friends, family, or loved ones; we can grow apart from them when we least expect it. It's a part of life. Often, when friends distant themselves, usually it's because they're going through something that they need to figure out for theirselves. If you've done everything to ensure you were a good friend, then trust when I say it's enough and it probably doesn't have much to do with you. Unless you were a terrible friend who treated her badly, that definitely could've pushed her away. But according to your circumstances, it sounds like you're a patient and thoughtful individual who really just depended on her company and support.   Also, if you consider yourself a good friend to her, you would support her and give her the space and time she needs to do whatever she needs. Take this time to be by yourself and be a good friend for her by letting her know the door is always open whenever she's ready to be close again. Friends don't need to always talk and be around each other 24/7 to have a wonderful relationship. Unless this is your significant other or someone you're dating, it'd be different. But usually, friends will always somehow find their way back to each other after intervals of living their lives and doing their things. 
Oh, no. They aren't answering! They must be dead!!!
Not with Kaid from what I understand
Always seen it as Fremantle but as an Australian we know the name from Fremantle in Western Australia (home to its own AFL team). As the company is British always assumed it was named after the same British naval officer our Fremantle is named after.
I feel like It'd be a lot of fun to hang out with the mass majority of you. Except instead of kissing each other we could all do a dumb photo or something at midnight. Like those ones where everyone tries to jump but fails.
Is that what that was?
Step one, spend less time online/Reddit. Go get a hobby, start riding bikes and find a local club, you'll see tons of scenery, and meet some really authentic people.
Best reason so far 😂😂😂😂
I really enjoyed the creepy gritty unnerving atmosphere of TP personally
Oh my god do I want you! What a wonderful body and such a cute face. 
I really like Reply All and most other Gimlet podcasts.      Seconding Dirty John if you like true crime 
This submission has been automatically removed under rule 1, as it's a reaction, HIFW (How I Feel When), or me_IRL post. Please message the moderators if you feel this removal was an error.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Usually only have the talk if you're not being kept. This year was different. We have to talk with every single team member.  Word spreads fast, I made sure I talked to those I wanted to keep first. Cause team members just started dropping like flies with sudden NCNSs.  Thanks I guess. Cause it's fewer people I give bad news too. I don't like giving bad news.
That seems like the mantra of a racist tbh.  &gt;All races are equal but some are more equal than others! :)
Nope, it's based off of the date your VIN was first assigned a HOV Sticker (hence your car gets a red one and expires Jan 2022). You can reapply, and they'll send you a red one (no purple for you).      You can buy a new (or used from out of state) car when your stickers expire.
True, I think it would’ve been cool if maybe there was an e2 thawne and instead of him killing nota he killed Barry maybe? Or maybe thawne  just killed Nora then E2 Henry decided to run way and somehow got his speed and E2 Barry didn’t  then e2 Henry (zoom) came to e1 to take Barry’s because he needed it if they were going to use the same reason, I just have sorta a hard time seeing if e2 Henry was zoom beating the shit about of Barry because even hunter said that family is a weakness   Pretty sure this theory has said before though 
Supply and command boys 
But doesn’t the ejected fuel have to push against something?
I get the impression that he writes his own bars, only because there's some corny lines in there sometimes that I don't think someone with the self awareness of a hired writer.  I might be wrong though. I'm not a huge fan of his production these days. I don't think a lot of it gels with his flow. 
Perfect answer to all bingos.
Maybe could use some pants and spray cans for more of an urban style
I was pulled over and fined because i picked my phone up just to look who was calling me repeatedly 5+ times ...I was worried it was an emergency...anyway ... I asked the officer that question. He said if your phone is mounted you can use for GPS type uses, I'm assuming skipping a song would be fine too, because it's basically the same as adjusting the controls on the console. Got a magnetic mount the next day. Everyone should get one asap.
Quite the timing. I did this last night.   I’m been feeling down lately, so the constant notifications, seeing everyone at parties, and having fun in general can bring me down even more.   I find when I delete all that stuff. I actually reach out to friends over text and give more energy towards genuine conversations. Really good for my mental. 
I just said he was President elect, do you not understand how that works? What are you offended by though? You're probably one of those idiots that says Trump isn't your President but you're over here arguing semantics about what it officially means to be President and not President elect. If somebody puts Pence on the back of their helmet in November 2024 I'm not going to be offended. 
"Hollywood Police" - I take it you're not familiar with their level of corruption.  "No gun was recovered during a search — possibly washed out with the tide." &lt;-- This is all the "evidence to the contrary" you need, right here. I guess they didn't use metal detectors and find the shell either. The blood spatter was just from getting shot, don't worry about where it was. The lack of powder residue on his hands was probably because of some high wind, never mind that powder residue can't be washed off and remains for weeks.  "Family members have declined to speak publicly..." Huh, weird. If they knew this was a suicide, you would think they would come out and say leave us alone, stop harassing us! He was depressed, have some respect! You know, like other families do.  You are aware that it would be pretty easy for the police and/or a murderer to send some text messages from the phone for that convenient truth in the story?  If they want, they can even make the whole conversation up in the report and threaten the family. If you knew the PD was involved, would you say anything?  Unless you're going to hire me and pay a *very* premium price for additional "evidence to the contrary" little sheep, I've no reason to risk my life to go travel over there and find it.  There are *plenty of reasons* to QUESTION the official story. There is no reason not to.
Hello and welcome to Reddit, I see this is your first post and want to help you out, so have an upvote on me :)
Holy cow people are over valuing draft picks around here. What, you want to just go pluck a receiver off the AB tree?
But Uganda nuckles was a litt bit fun wasn't it... WASN'T IT?    Or am i just stupid 
Is this from the bonus tracks of the dvd?
I can’t upvote this enough! I’m not very experienced but I’d love to join you for moral support and sexual pleasure during your first time! I’d be so fucking hard watching a huge cock like that force it’s way into you. 
The swoosh looks off
Minor surgery. Because your ovaries aren't tampered with, you won't see any hormonal changes. 
Same thing in Sweden, Swedish citizens have been displaced by a suicidal do-gooder government that evicted Swedish families to replace them with Syrians. It's insanity. People in trouble should be helped in the country of origin so that things get stabilized there first and they don't need to become refugees. 
Kevin Spacey was pissed and got his revenge... Eventually.
It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheek bones. 
We had our first 90 minute class today and loved it! Hope they’ll do it every month (maybe first Saturday) or weekly. 
Fine. Non competitive mode. 
Good to know. I think i was expecting marachino to taste mite like what sangue is. I want to try cherry herring but it's not available in nh :( i saw cherry herring has no added color,  does morlacco?
I love you. Sincerely. And I hope every day gives you a little more happiness and a little more joy